so I just found out that Ben Affleck who
is a pretty decent director but a barely
passable actor has been cast as Batman a
role that could not be more wrong for
him they literally only thing he's got
going on Batman ish is the fact that he
has dark hair other than that it's
fucking garbage and here's some tweets I
wrote about it Ben Affleck is Batman I
am an atheist but God I will be your
servant if you make this not happen Ben
Affleck is Batman because he was so good
as daredevil Ben Affleck as Batman is GC
is Ben Affleck as Batman is just DC
throwing in the towel in the bout
against marble which really isn't much
of a bout at all if we're honest Ben
Affleck as Batman why not cash samuel l
jackson as the joker and Al Pacino was
Robin let's see if of a bowl is
available to direct Ben Affleck as
Batman because fuck you fans fuck you I
don't want to see this I don't want to
see Ben Affleck play Batman now I could
be wrong there's been one of those
situations where you know everyone
complains and says a bad idea and then
he fucking comes and you fucking shows
us all up you know what though I don't
even want that to happen I don't want
him to be good as Batman I don't want
Ben Affleck to be fucking Batman I just
don't want it to fucking happen I don't
care if he's good i don't care if he's
bad it's just an irrational thing where
ben affleck is not allowed to be fucking
Batman I don't care fuck you it's not
going to happen
if it does happen I'm gonna pretend it
didn't fuck